We humans have lost the wisdom of genuinely resting and relaxing.\n\tWe worry too much.\n\tWe dont allow our bodies to heal,\n\tand we dont allow our minds and hearts to heal.


“Wildflower; pick up your pretty little head,
It will get easier, your dreams are not dead.”― Nikki Rowe

“I lied and said I was busy.
I was busy;
but not in a way most people understand.

I was busy taking deeper breaths.
I was busy silencing irrational thoughts.
I was busy calming a racing heart.
I was busy telling myself I am okay.

Sometimes, this is my busy -\n\t
and I will not apologize for it.”\n\t
― Brittin Oakman\n\t


“Taking care of myself doesn't mean 'me first.' It means 'me, too.”
― L.R. Knost

“if you want to live an authentic, meaningful life, you need to master the art of disappointing and upsetting others, hurting feelings, and living with the reality that some people just won’t like you. It may not be easy, but it’s essential if you want your life to reflect your deepest desires, values, and needs.”
― Cheryl Richardson, The Art of Extreme Self-Care: Transform Your Life One Month at a Time

“You always say such lovely things to me, Red. Do you say them to yourself?”
― Talia Hibbert, Get a Life, Chloe Brown

"Today and onwards, I stand proud, for the bridges I've climbed, for the battles I've won, and for the examples I've set, but most importantly, for the person I have become. I like who I am now, finally, at peace with me...”
― Heather James, Things A Mother Should Know: For The World's Most Important Mum

“Spending time alone in your own company reinforces your self-worth and is often the number-one way to replenish your resilience reserves.”
― Sam Owen, Resilient Me: How to Worry Less and Achieve More

“If someone doesn’t care about himself, you begin to lose interest after a while.”
― Kem Nunn, Tapping the Source

“The body can endure practically anything--pain, fatigue, you name it-- but its the mind that matters.”
― Dave Pelzer, Help Yourself: Finding Hope, Courage, and Happiness

“The most profound personal growth does not happen while reading a book or meditating. It happens in the throes of conflict, when you are angry, afraid, frustrated. It happens when you are doing the same old thing and you suddenly realize that you have a choice.”
― Vironika Tugaleva

“You cannot breathe life into someone refusing to inhale." Colleen Songs”
― Colleen Songs, Inhale